hey guys this mystery j stuck here today
is a huge huge video for all of you who
are jailbroken on ipad or all of you who
are jailbroken on iphone 4 3gs 3g ipod
touch 2g ipod 3g there is a new update
out i'm not exactly sure on the details
but this is definitely the bug fix that
will kill jailbreakme com okay you see
right here i haven't gone on to my
computer yet but i'm making this video
really quick to let all you guys know so
you can see right there iphone dev team
there one hundred percent legit i
believe them iOS 4.2 is out and it's
definitely here just to kill jailbreakme
no bug fixes there's nothing different
except for the jailbreak me so that with
all that definitely don't update it if
you rely on your jailbreak or if you're
waiting for four-point-oh for ipad or
your iphone 2g in 1g you don't really
have to work up worried about the update
but if you want your jailbreak let's go
over to cydia Oh city is in my jailbreak
if you want your jailbreak do not update
ok I'm not sure if this is out for ipad
by everybody be warned and if save your
sh sh files while you are still on four
point zero point one if you don't know
how to do this download this tool
firmware umbrella which is in the
description or if you're on Windows
there's also an easier way is auto sh sh
file grabber and that is in the
description i have a tutorial video on
how to use that so definitely definitely
watch out for this this is a huge
warning video you better watch out if
you want you jailbreak and unlock it
will kill your unlock if you can't
downgrade so guys just won the strangest
heck quick video taken with my iphone 4
just trying to get the word out see